= Html5jpGraphs

Html5jpGraphs is a Rails Plugin for HTML5.jp Graph Libraries. 

HTML5.jp Graph Libraries are written by futomi, released under Apache License, Version 2.0.
http://www.html5.jp/library/index.html

There are 4 kinds of graphs in HTML5.jp.

* vertical bar chart
* radar chart
* line chart
* pie chart

With this plugin, you can easily draw graphs using helper methods. 
Helper methods accepts both simple array data and your original complex model objects.

Note you need jQuery or prototype.js.

== Install

Add html5jp_graphs in your GemFile for Bundler.

  gem 'html5jp_graphs'

==Setup

You need to include html5jp_graphs.js. Add this line to the application.js.

  //= require html5jp_graphs

Also you need to add :htmltjp_graphs as a helper in your controllers.

 class GraphsController < ApplicationController
   helper :html5jp_graphs
 end

==Example
=== Draw a Vertical Bar Chart

  <%= vertical_bar_chart [['accesses', 520, 340, 804, 602], ['clicks', 101, 76, 239, 321]] %>
  
   or you can use your own model obejct (with some methods. Please see RDoc for the requirements).

  <%= vertical_bar_chart access_click_summaries %>
 
=== Draw a Radar Chart

  <%= radar_chart [['review1', 5, 4, 3], ['review2', 3, 5, 2]], :aCap => ['price', 'style', 'sound'] %>
 
  <%= radar_chart reviews %>
 
=== Draw a Line Chart

  <%= line_chart [['accesses', 520, 340, 804, 602], ['clicks', 101, 76, 239, 321]] %>
  
  <%= line_chart access_click_summaries %>

=== Draw a Pie Chart

  <%= pie_chart([["very good", 400], ["good", 300], ["bad", 100], ["very bad", 300]]) %>

  <%= pie_chart opinions %>

=== Options

You can use all options in HTML5.jp. Note that string options should be wrapped in ' ', or it would be used as a script code.

For example, to specify the backgroundColor option to a radar chart, write like this.

  <%= radar_chart reviews, :backgroundColor => "'red'" %>

Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Yasuko Ohba (y.ohba@everyleaf.com), released under the apache license
